GraphQL Docs for Parse Server 3.10.0 (#688)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/graphql/objects.md

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```

```graphql
# GraphQL
mutation createAGameScore {
  createGameScore(
    input: {
      clientMutationId: "anUniqueId"
      fields: { 
        playerName: "Sean Plott",
        score: 1337,
        cheatMode: false
      }
    }
  ) {
    clientMutationId
    gameScore {
      id
      updatedAt
      createdAt
      playerName
      score
      cheatMode
      ACL {
        public {
          write
          read
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "createGameScore": {
      "clientMutationId": "anUniqueId",
      "gameScore": {
        "id": "R2FtZVNjb3JlOjZtdGlNcmtXNnY=",
        "updatedAt": "2019-12-02T10:14:28.786Z",
        "createdAt": "2019-12-02T10:14:28.786Z",
        "playerName": "Sean Plott",
        "score": 1337,
        "cheatMode": false,
        "ACL": {
          "public": {
            "write": true,
            "read": true
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note:** The `id` is [Relay Global Object Identification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/objectidentification.htm), it's **not** a Parse `objectId`. Most of the time the `Relay Node Id` is a `Base64` of the `ParseClass` and the `objectId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `id` is a [Relay Global Object Identification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/objectidentification.htm), it's **not** a Parse `objectId`. Most of the time the `Relay Node Id` is a `Base64` of the `ParseClass` and the `objectId`.
```

## Delete

For each class of your application's schema, Parse Server automatically generates a custom mutation for deleting this class' objects through the GraphQL API.

For example, if you have a class named `GameScore` in the schema, Parse Server automatically generates a new mutation called `deleteGameScore`, and you should be able to run the code below in your GraphQL Playground:

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```

```graphql
mutation deleteAGameScore {
  deleteGameScore(input: { id: "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w=" }) {
    gameScore {
      id
      playerName
    }
  }
}
```

The code above should resolve to something similar to this:

```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "deleteGameScore": {
      "gameScore": {
        "id": "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w=",
        "playerName": "Charles Francois"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

**Note:** The API returns the deleted object, it helps frontend developers to show messages like: "The player Charles François has been successfully removed."

## Nested Mutation

> The GraphQL API supports nested mutations (except for `File`), so you can create objects with complex relationships in one request. Assuming that we have classes `Country`, `City`, `Company`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API supports nested mutations (except for `File`), so you can create objects with complex relationships in one request. Assuming that we have classes `Country`, `City` and `Company`.
```

> **Parse GraphQL Server** support nested mutations (exept for `File`), so you can create object with complex relation in one request. Assuming that we have classes `Country`, `City`, `Company`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API supports nested mutations (except for `File`), so you can create objects with complex relationships in one request. Assuming that we have classes `Country`, `City`, `Company`.
```

# Objects

## Create

> For each class of your application's schema, Parse Server **automatically** generates a custom mutation for creating this class' objects through the **GraphQL API**.

Reviewer: Bold formatting seems somewhat unnecessary...
```suggestion
For each class of your application's schema, Parse Server automatically generates a custom mutation for creating this class' objects through the GraphQL API.
```

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```

```graphql
# GraphQL
mutation createAGameScore {
  createGameScore(
    input: {
      clientMutationId: "anUniqueId"
      fields: { 
        playerName: "Sean Plott",
        score: 1337,
        cheatMode: false
      }
    }
  ) {
    clientMutationId
    gameScore {
      id
      updatedAt
      createdAt
      playerName
      score
      cheatMode
      ACL {
        public {
          write
          read
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "createGameScore": {
      "clientMutationId": "anUniqueId",
      "gameScore": {
        "id": "R2FtZVNjb3JlOjZtdGlNcmtXNnY=",
        "updatedAt": "2019-12-02T10:14:28.786Z",
        "createdAt": "2019-12-02T10:14:28.786Z",
        "playerName": "Sean Plott",
        "score": 1337,
        "cheatMode": false,
        "ACL": {
          "public": {
            "write": true,
            "read": true
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note:** The `id` is [Relay Global Object Identification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/objectidentification.htm), it's **NOT** a Parse `objectId`. Most of the time the `Relay Node Id` is a `Base64` of the `ParseClass` and the `objectId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `id` is [Relay Global Object Identification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/objectidentification.htm), it's **not** a Parse `objectId`. Most of the time the `Relay Node Id` is a `Base64` of the `ParseClass` and the `objectId`.
```

## Update

For each class of your application's schema, Parse Server automatically generates a custom mutation for updating this class' objects through the GraphQL API.

For example, if you have a class named `GameScore` in the schema, Parse Server automatically generates a new mutation called `updateGameScore`, and you should be able to run the code below in your GraphQL Playground:

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```
```graphql
# GraphQL
mutation updateAGameScore {
  updateGameScore(
    input: {
      id: "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w="
      fields: { playerName: "Charles Francois" }
    }
  ) {
    gameScore {
      id
      playerName
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "updateGameScore": {
      "gameScore": {
        "id": "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w=",
        "playerName": "Charles Francois"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note:** If you use [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/) it's recommanded to ask to GraphQL the modified fields and `id` during the Mutation, then [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/) will automatically update is local store and push the new data accross your app. ex: If you update `playerName` you should ask to GraphQL `playerName` and `id` like code above.

Reviewer: Not sure whether my changes make sense... but it's a fairly convoluted sentence...
```suggestion
**Note:** If you use [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/) it's recommended to request the modified fields and `id` during the Mutation, then the [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/) will automatically update its local store and push the new data across your app; i.e. If you update `playerName` you should request `playerName` and `id` like the code above.
```

## Delete

For each class of your application's schema, Parse Server automatically generates a custom mutation for deleting this class' objects through the GraphQL API.

For example, if you have a class named `GameScore` in the schema, Parse Server automatically generates a new mutation called `deleteGameScore`, and you should be able to run the code below in your GraphQL Playground:

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Master-Key": "MASTER_KEY" // (optional)
}
```

```graphql
mutation deleteAGameScore {
  deleteGameScore(input: { id: "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w=" }) {
    gameScore {
      id
      playerName
    }
  }
}
```

The code above should resolve to something similar to this:

```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "deleteGameScore": {
      "gameScore": {
        "id": "R2FtZVNjb3JlOmM3TVpDZEhQY2w=",
        "playerName": "Charles Francois"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note:** The API return the deleted object, it helps front developers to show some messages like: "The player Charles François has been successfully removed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The API returns the deleted object, it helps frontend developers to show messages like: "The player Charles François has been successfully removed."
```
